I'm Justin Smith 2961 Cedar Creek Road
feble I'm three tenths of a mile just
down the road from the industrial park
born and raised in Cumberland County
been here my whole life
in 2007 graduate of NC State University
for your degree in agribusiness
management I'm a local business owner
formed 2,500 acres of cotton soybeans in
the Bhakra become one County more
importantly for the knives issue
speaking against centers from farms I
farm every single piece of cleared land
that is owned fields Road I know fields
rug very very well Fields rudders the
area where they have options on several
tracks of land to spray their wastewater
I've got some facts on their waste water
these numbers came from comments that
sentence made it's been in the newspaper
and online they tell you they need 1.4
million gallons of wastewater is going
to be sprayed daily top rated facility
when you translate those numbers into
each's of rain pray that comes out to be
between 62 and 75 inches of wastewater
per acre depending on how many acres
they were truthfully spray off which
those numbers vary also average rainfall
in Cumberland County is 46 to 48 inches
annually so we're talking about putting
us over two hundred to one hundred and
ten more area of water and precipitation
rain water and wastewater additionally
these types of land cannot stand that
much runoff that much water them in
these soils not even perc
we asked please on your behalf that we
can have a public hearing before
anybody's made before a decisions
thought about and I stated respectfully
but the wall has been pulled over your
eyes by centers and farms and we have
uncovered the lies and the untruthful
statements and what's really going on in
this situation we thank you for your
time
I gotta pee